NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
THANK YOU FOR TAKING
THE TIME TO SEE ME,
MR. FUDO.
I'M HERE BECAUSE
I NEED YOU TO SAVE
MY DAUGHTER AKIZA.
SHE'S IN
THE HOSPITAL,
SUFFERING FROM
SOME HEARTBREAK
THAT'S MY FAULT!
I PUSHED HER AWAY,
AND SHE JOINED
THAT ARCADIA
MOVEMENT.
I CAN'T HEAL
HER BROKEN HEART,
BUT YOU CAN.
JACK THINKS
THAT YOU JUST NEED
TO DUEL HER AGAIN!
HE SAID YOUR VOICE
HAS THE POWER
TO WAKE AKIZA
FROM HER COMA.
IT'S ME.
YUSEI.
YUSEI?
AKIZA!
HUH? WHAT ARE THEY
DOING HERE?!
THAT STRANGER OVER THERE
RUINED MY LIFE!
IF YOU'RE TRYING TO ERASE
THE PAST, DON'T BOTHER!
I HAVE ALREADY FORGOT
ABOUT THEM!
AND NOW I THINK
I'LL ERASE YOU FROM
MY MEMORIES AS WELL!
DON'T DO THIS!
YOU ALL WANT
TO DESTROY MY LIFE!
WELL, I WON'T
LET THAT HAPPEN!
Yusei: IT LOOKS LIKE
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO PROTECT YOUR FAMILY
AND PROVE THAT WE'RE
ALL TRYING TO HELP YOU!
DUEL, HUH? I THOUGHT
THAT YOU NEVER WERE
GONNA ASK ME!
AKIZA, THE ONLY TIME
I EVER GOT THROUGH
TO THE REAL YOU WAS
DURING OUR DUEL.
SO THIS IS FOR YOU.
Both: LET'S DUEL!
I'M THE BLACK ROSE,
AND I SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
All: AAH!
I THOUGHT YOU REALLY
BELIEVED IN ME,
BUT IT WAS
ALL ABOUT MY MARK.
I'LL NEVER DUEL FOR YOU,
NO MATTER WHAT!
GOT THAT?
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
MY LITTLE GIRL.
YOU'RE GOING
TO REGRET INTERFERING
IN MY LIFE, YUSEI,
BECAUSE ONCE I REMOVE
MY EVIL THORN FROM PLAY,
MY DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY
REDUCES THE POWER
OF YOUR WARRIOR
AND FORCES IT
INTO ATTACK MODE.
GO, BLACK ROSE GALE!
AND NOW THAT
SHIELD WARRIOR IS HELPLESS,
BLACK ROSE DRAGON, ATTACK!
I TRIGGER
THE REALIZE DEFENSE
TRAP CARD!
Duel Runner Computer:
IF A MONSTER THAT'S IN ATTACK
MODE HAS MORE DEFENSE POINTS
THAN ATTACK POINTS,
THE REALIZE DEFENSE TRAP CARD
SWITCHES IT TO DEFENSE MODE.
AND SINCE MY SHIELD
WARRIOR IS A BETTER
GUARD THAN ATTACKER,
I CAN NOW MAKE
THE MOST OUT OF
A STICKY SITUATION.
DON'T LET THAT STOP YOU,
BLACK ROSE!
BUT YOUR THORN
OF MALICE EQUIP
SPELL
WON'T LET YOU
DESTROY A MONSTER
IN BATTLE.
THAT'S TRUE, BUT SINCE
MY DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE GREATER THAN
SHIELD WARRIOR'S
DEFENSE POINTS,
YOU'RE STILL GONNA GET
SLAMMED WITH DAMAGE.
YUSEI!
YOU MAY HAVE MANAGED
TO SPARE SHIELD WARRIOR
A MAJOR THRASHING,
BUT THE THORN OF MALICE
STILL WEAKENS HIS ATTACK
AND DEFENSE ABILITIES.
OH, NO!
WITH YUSEI'S MONSTER
NOT FIRING ON ALL CYLINDERS,
AKIZA'S GONNA BLAST AWAY
HIS LIFE POINTS NEXT ROUND.
I END MY TURN.
DON'T THINK I'M GOING
TO MAKE THIS QUICK, YUSEI.
I'M GOING TO WATCH YOU SQUIRM.
AKIZA,
LET'S TALK ABOUT THIS.
I KNOW YOU'RE UPSET
AND SCARED,
BUT THAT MARK
ON YOUR ARM MEANS
THAT YOU'RE NOT ALONE.
WE'RE ALL
IN THIS THING TOGETHER.
DON'T BOTHER, YUSEI.
STOP TRYING TO REACH ME.
I GET IT.
YOU'RE THE GOOD GUY.
YOU LIKE SAVING PEOPLE.
BUT YOU CAN'T SAVE ME.
NO ONE CAN. NOT NOW.
ONLY ONE PERSON REALLY GOT ME,
REALLY TRIED TO HELP ME.
ONLY ONE PERSON UNDERSTOOD
WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO BE ME.
DAD DOESN'T. YOU DON'T.
JUST SAYER, AND HE'S...
AAH...
NO!
WITH HIM MISSING,
THERE'S NO PLACE LEFT
THAT I CAN CALL HOME.
IT'S JUST ME.
AND I DON'T FEEL
LIKE TALKING ABOUT IT!
AKIZA,
YOU DO HAVE A HOME.
YOU'VE ALWAYS HAD
A HOME WITH
YOUR FAMILY.
THAT'S RIGHT, YUSEI.
WAIT. MY FAMILY?
SO YOU'RE SAYING
I SHOULD GO HOME
AND PLAY HOUSE
WITH THOSE PEOPLE OVER THERE,
THE ONES WHO SENT ME AWAY
'CAUSE THEY THOUGHT
I WAS A MONSTER?
I DON'T THINK SO!
MY REAL FAMILY IS GONE!
THERE IS
NOWHERE LEFT FOR ME!
AAH!
[GROANS]
AKIZA.
[THINKING]
THIS IS BAD.
THE ANGRIER
AKIZA GETS,
THE STRONGER
HER POWER GETS,
AND THE MORE
DANGEROUS
THE SITUATION IS
FOR EVERYONE HERE,
INCLUDING HER.
IT'S MY MOVE!
[GRUNTS]
I REVEAL MY TRAP!
REINFORCE TRUTH!
BY NOT BATTLING
THIS TURN,
I CAN USE
THIS TRAP CARD TO
SUMMON ANY MONSTER
WITH LESS THAN
A THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS.
I SUMMON
SPEED WARRIOR!
AND NEXT, I'LL
BRING OUT MY FAVORITE
TUNER MONSTER...
JUNK SYNCHRON!
[THINKING]
THOSE 3 MONSTERS ARE USELESS
AGAINST AKISA'S DRAGON, UNLESS...
Yusei: I TUNE JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH SHIELD WARRIOR
AND SPEED WARRIOR
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
STARDUST DRAGON!
LET'S REV IT UP!
COOL MOVE,
BUT HER DRAGON HAS MORE
ATTACK POINTS THAN STARDUST.
SO IF THEY DUKE IT OUT,
STARDUST DRAGON
WON'T SURVIVE
AND NEITHER WILL YUSEI.
Yusei:
YOUR MOVE, AKIZA.
Akiza: SO WHAT'S
YOUR ENDGAME, YUSEI?
ARE YOU COUNTING
ON STARDUST DRAGON
TO PROTECT YOU?
TO PROTECT
YOUR LITTLE FRIENDS?
HEH! DON'T TRY
TO FOOL YOURSELF.
YOU CAN'T PROTECT THEM.
AND YOU CERTAINLY
CAN'T SAVE YOURSELF.
YOU'RE GOING
TO MAKE STARDUST
SUFFER FOR NOTHING,
BUT MAYBE THAT'S
WHAT YOU WANT,
AND IF THAT'S THE CASE,
I'LL BE MORE THAN HAPPY
TO BE OF SERVICE,
STARTING RIGHT NOW!
GO FORTH, MY MIGHTY BEAST!
ATTACK!
SLICE AWAY
AT STARDUST DRAGON!
[ROARING]
AAH!
UNFORTUNATELY
FOR YOUR BEAST,
THORN OF MALICE PREVENTS ME
FROM DESTROYING IT,
SO I GET TO DISH OUT
A WORLD OF HURT OVER
AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN!
[ROARING]
AAH!
I DON'T LIKE HER
WHEN SHE'S ANGRY.
AKIZA!
THERE'S NO NEED
FOR THIS!
PLEASE, STOP!
LET'S TALK
THIS OUT.
NOT A CHANCE, DAD.
IT'S MY TURN!
FROM MY HAND,
I'M ACTIVATING
THE HALF SHUT
SPELL CARD!
AND WITH IT, I CAN CUT
THE ATTACK POINTS OF
ONE MONSTER IN HALF!
IN EXCHANGE,
THAT MONSTER CAN'T
BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE THIS TURN.
AND I THINK
I'LL CHOOSE YOUR
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
OH, YEAH!
NOW HIS STARDUST
IS MORE POWERFUL
AND HAS THE UPPER HAND!
[THINKING]
THAT'S RIGHT, YUSEI. YOU NEED
TO GET ON THE OFFENSIVE.
IF YOU WON'T LISTEN
TO ME AND YOUR DAD,
THEN MAYBE YOU'LL
LISTEN TO THE POWER
OF MY DECK!
STARDUST DRAGON,
ATTACK WITH
COSMIC FLARE!
[ROARS]
WAS THAT LITTLE MOVE
SUPPOSED TO SCARE ME
OR SOMETHING?
NO, BUT THESE TWO
FACEDOWNS MIGHT.
YOU'LL NEED MORE
THAN THAT,
ESPECIALLY SINCE
MY DRAGON GETS ALL OF ITS
ATTACK POINTS BACK NOW.
[ROARS]
THIS SHOULD BE FUN.
BLACK ROSE DRAGON,
ATTACK HIS FRAGILE FIEND
ONCE AGAIN!
[ROARS]
AAH!
YOU OUGHT TO RELEASE
STARDUST DRAGON
AND PUT IT OUT
OF ITS MISERY, YUSEI.
IT'S ONLY GOING
TO EXPERIENCE MORE PAIN
AS IT GETS WEAKER
AND WEAKER.
[THINKING]
YUSEI IS DOING
EVERYTHING HE CAN.
HE'S TRYING
TO HELP HER, TO TALK
SOME SENSE INTO HER.
BUT SHE WON'T LISTEN
TO ANYONE.
I WAS RIGHT BACK THEN.
SHE IS A MONSTER.
AAH!
NO, NO,
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
SHE'S JUST SCARED
OF HERSELF.
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
THAT BACK THEN
BECAUSE I WAS
TOO AFRAID TO BE
A GOOD FATHER.
IF SHE IS A MONSTER,
THEN I CREATED
THAT MONSTER
BY TURNING
MY BACK ON HER.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
YOUR MOVE, YUSEI.
LET'S DO THIS.
[THINKING]
WHERE IS IT?
I CAN'T PLAY
THE MOVE I WANT UNTIL
I GET SILVER WING.
I'M PLACING
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND ENDING MY TURN.
WOW. NO BIG ATTACKS?
NO BIG SPEECH?
WHAT'S UP?
YOU RUN OUT OF THINGS
TO DO AND SAY?
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE GONNA SAVE ME.
GIVEN UP ON ME ALREADY?
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE?
NOT A CHANCE.
YOU CAN TRY TO PUSH ME
AWAY ALL YOU WANT.
BUT YOU SHOULD KNOW
BY NOW THAT I'LL NEVER
GIVE UP ON YOU.
I WON'T DO THAT.
THAT'S NOT ME.
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS
TO ME, I NEVER GIVE UP
ON MY FRIENDS.
OH!
HMM.
I'M YOUR FRIEND?
THAT'S WHAT
I'M TRYING
TO SHOW YOU.
THAT'S WHY I WON'T
GIVE UP ON THIS DUEL.
YOU'RE ONLY SAYING
ALL THIS STUFF
TO MAKE ME STOP.
I'M NO DUMMY.
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
I'LL SAY I'M SORRY.
EVERYONE'LL HUG.
AND THEN YOU'LL JUST
SHIP ME OFF SOMEWHERE.
WELL,
IT'S NOT GONNA WORK!
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
CRIPPLE HIS DECREPIT CREATURE!
NOW ATTACK!
[ROARS]
I FELL FOR THIS
"WE'RE HERE FOR YOU" BIT ONCE,
RIGHT BEFORE
MY DAD SENT ME AWAY.
OH!
REMEMBER, DAD?
RIGHT BEFORE YOU FORCED ME
TO LEAVE AND SHIPPED ME OFF,
YOU TOLD ME
THAT YOU CARED ABOUT ME.
WELL, NOW YUSEI'S GONNA PAY
FOR YOUR MISTAKES!
STOP THIS, AKIZA!
STOP HURTING PEOPLE MORE
THAN YOU ALREADY HAVE!
OUTTA THE WAY!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP...
DEFENSE DRAW!
AND WITH IT, I CAN
STOP YOUR BLACK ROSE
DRAGON'S ATTACK!
[GROANS]
NEXT UP,
I DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK.
SORRY, AKIZA.
I... I WASN'T AS GOOD
A FATHER AS...
SAVE IT.
IT'S ALL TOO LITTLE
AND TOO LATE.
I ADMIT IT.
I WAS SCARED
OF YOUR POWER.
I WAS SCARED OF YOU.
HUH?
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
YOUR... YOUR
ABILITIES.
YOU JUST... YOU REALLY
FRIGHTENED ME.
YEAH, I KNOW ALL OF THIS.
THAT'S WHY YOU DECIDED
TO GET RID OF ME.
YOU WERE SCARED.
SCARED OF YOUR LITTLE GIRL.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU HAD POWERS
I COULDN'T COMPREHEND
AND THAT TERRIFIED ME.
BUT THAT'S NOT
THE ONLY REASON.
I WAS DISAPPOINTED
IN MYSELF FOR NOT BEING
ABLE TO DEAL WITH YOU.
HAVING YOU AROUND
MADE ME FEEL POWERLESS,
LIKE A FAILURE.
WHAT I'M SAYING IS...
SO, WAIT A MINUTE.
THIS IS ABOUT YOU NOW?!
YES, IT'S ABOUT ME
LETTING YOU DOWN.
I NEVER STOPPED CARING
ABOUT YOU, AKIZA.
NEITHER DID YOUR MOTHER.
YOU'LL ALWAYS BE
OUR LITTLE GIRL.
STOP!
JUST STOP TALKING, DAD!
NO WAY AM I FALLING
FOR THIS.
AKIZA!
DUE TO THORN
OF MALICE'S POWER,
YOUR BELOVED STARDUST DRAGON
LOSES 600 MORE ATTACK POINTS!
[ROARING]
NOW FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE WONDER CLOVER SPELL!
BY REMOVING ONE LEVEL-4 MONSTER
FROM MY HAND AND SENDING IT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN GIVE ONE OF MY MONSTERS
THE POWER TO ATTACK TWICE.
AKIZA, PLEASE,
STOP THIS!
GO, BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
ATTACK STARDUST
ONE MORE TIME!
AND THIS TIME,
IF MY DAD GETS IN THE WAY,
THEN TAKE HIM OUT, TOO!
YUSEI BETTER DO SOMETHING
OR HIS DRAGON'S DONE FOR.
I ACTIVATE
THE IRON RESOLVE
TRAP CARD!
BY HALVING
MY LIFE POINTS,
I CAN AVOID
THE EFFECT
OF THIS ATTACK.
WHATEVER! I MEAN,
STARDUST DRAGON'S
STILL GONNA LOSE
MORE ATTACK POINTS.
[ROARING]
LOOK AT IT.
IT'S SO WEAK NOW.
[ROARING]
NEXT, I REVEAL
MY TRAP CARD...
DOOM PETAL COUNTDOWN!
I CAN CHANNEL THIS CARD'S
INCREDIBLE POWER
BY REMOVING
ONE PLANT-TYPE MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY.
THEN I CAN USE
THAT POWER TO SLAM YOU
WITH 300 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO MOVE, SIR!
OH!
[GROANING]
ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS REMOVE ONE MORE
PLANT MONSTER FROM PLAY
ON MY NEXT TURN
AND YOU'RE FINISHED, YUSEI.
MAKE THE MOST
OF YOUR NEXT MOVE,
'CAUSE IT'LL BE YOUR LAST.
[THINKING]
SHE'S DONE MAKING
HER MOVE,
BUT HER POWER IS
STILL GOING CRAZY.
UHH!
OF COURSE.
SHE DOESN'T KNOW HOW
TO CONTROL HER POWER.
AKIZA.
DARLING, NO!
MY LITTLE GIRL,
PLEASE GIVE US
A SECOND CHANCE.
COME HOME TO US,
AKIZA.
COME HOME TO... AAH!
STAY BACK.
I'M NOT KIDDING!
MOVE, SIR!
YOU'RE GONNA GET HURT!
I DON'T CARE!
I DON'T CARE
IF SHE HURTS ME.
AFTER ALL,
WHEN SHE WAS HURTING,
I TURNED MY BACK ON HER.
WHEN SHE NEEDED ME,
I TURNED AWAY.
I WON'T TURN AWAY
FROM HER AGAIN.
THAT ALL SOUNDS REALLY SWEET,
BUT YOU DON'T MEAN IT.
HE DOES!
HUH?
GIVE HIM A CHANCE.
PEOPLE DESERVE
SECOND CHANCES.
GIVE YOUR PARENTS
THE OPPORTUNITY TO SHOW
THEY CARE ABOUT YOU.
I MEAN,
TAKE IT FROM ME.
IN A WAY,
YOU'RE ACTUALLY
REALLY LUCKY.
YOU HAVE
A REAL FAMILY.
A REAL FAMILY?
NO, I... UH-UH!
I'M GOING TO PROVE
TO YOU THAT YOU'RE
MY FRIEND.
I'M GONNA RISK
EVERYTHING TO SHOW YOU
THAT I CARE,
AND YOU WON'T STOP ME!
[THINKING]
PERFECT!
I EQUIP STARDUST DRAGON
WITH THE SILVER WING
SPELL CARD!
THEN I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL RELEASE
RESTRAINT WAVE.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING
TO DO WITH THAT?
I'M GONNA HARNESS
THIS SPELL'S ENERGY
BY DESTROYING
ONE EQUIP SPELL
ON MY FIELD.
NOW I'VE GOT
THE POWER TO DESTROY
EVERY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD
YOU HAVE IN PLAY.
HUH? OH!
MY THORN OF MALICE...
IS HISTORY,
AND SINCE BLACK ROSE DRAGON
WAS GETTING ITS SPECIAL
POWERS FROM THAT TRAP,
BOTH OF OUR DRAGONS'
ATTACK POINTS RETURN
TO NORMAL!
NO WAY!
YES WAY!
NOW, STARDUST DRAGON,
ATTACK
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
GO! COSMIC FLARE!
[GRUNTING]
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE EFFECT OF HEDGE GUARD!
BY SENDING THIS CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN PROTECT ONE MONSTER
FROM BEING DESTROYED.
NICE TRY, YUSEI,
BUT YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE.
IT'S TIME I END THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
[GROANING]
IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO END THIS CHARADE.
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT ME
AND NEITHER DOES MY FATHER.
SAYER'S THE ONLY ONE
WHO EVER UNDERSTOOD ME,
AND NOW HE'S VANISHED
FROM MY LIFE JUST LIKE
EVERYONE ELSE HAS.
AKIZA.
DAD, DON'T. GET BACK.
I CAN'T STOP IT.
MY POWERS
WON'T LISTEN TO ME.
AAH!
STOP IT! I DON'T WANT
TO DO THIS ANYMORE!
AAH!
DADDY!
NO!
[PANTING]
I DID IT.
I WAS ABLE
TO CONTROL MY POWER.
AKIZA.
UH...
DADDY.
I'M SORRY.
HMM.
HMM!
YUSEI, PLEASE.
FINISH THIS.
END THIS DUEL.
I DON'T WANT
TO FIGHT ANYMORE.
I'M DOING THIS
ONLY 'CAUSE YOU
ASKED ME TO, AKIZA.
NOW IF MY DRAGON
CAN'T DESTROY
YOUR MONSTER,
THE SYNCHRO RING
TRAP CARD DOUBLES
ITS ATTACK POINTS
AND GIVES IT
THE ABILITY
TO ATTACK AGAIN.
THE CURSE OF
THE BLACK ROSE ENDS NOW!
STARDUST DRAGON,
TAKE OUT AKIZA'S BEAST
WITH COSMIC FLARE!
AKIZA, PLEASE,
WAKE UP.
DADDY?
I MISSED YOU.
I AM SO SORRY, AKIZA.
I SHOULD HAVE NEVER
BEEN AFRAID OF YOU.
I SHOULD'VE REALIZED
THAT YOU WERE JUST
AS FRIGHTENED.
I SHOULD HAVE HELD YOU
AND COMFORTED YOU,
BUT I DIDN'T.
LET ME START MAKING UP
FOR THAT RIGHT NOW.
THANK YOU, DAD,
BUT YOU SURE
YOU WANT ME HOME?
I MEAN, I...
I WAS VERY MEAN.
I HURT YOU AND MOM
AND EVERYONE ELSE
I EVER KNEW...
Yusei: AKIZA.
LISTEN,
YOU AND YOUR PARENTS
HAVE A LOT OF
CATCHING UP TO DO.
BUT WE SIGNERS
COULD REALLY USE YOU
AROUND, TOO.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
WILL YOU FIGHT
WITH US?
WILL YOU TAKE
A STAND ALONGSIDE
YOUR FRIENDS?
YOU GOT IT, YUSEI...
IF THAT'S OK.
OF COURSE.
YAY!
AWESOME.
SEE, AKIZA?
IT'S JUST LIKE
YUSEI SAID.
WE'RE ALL BOUND
BY OUR MARKS!
E-EXCEPT MINE HASN'T
APPEARED YET.
IT'S TRUE.
THESE MARKS CONNECT US.
ALL OF US.
WE SHARE A DESTINY.
SO, LIKE IT OR NOT,
WE'RE FRIENDS.
THAT'S SWEET,
BUT I'VE HAD FRIENDS BEFORE,
AND THAT DIDN'T TURN OUT
SO WELL FOR THEM.
I MEAN, LOSING PEOPLE
YOU CARE ABOUT REALLY HURTS.
YEAH, I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT YOU MEAN, AKIZA.
I RAN INTO AN OLD FRIEND
THE OTHER DAY AND, WELL,
LET'S JUST SAY
HE'S CHANGED.
WE ALL LOSE PEOPLE
IN DIFFERENT WAYS,
BUT I DON'T KNOW.
WE JUST HAVE
TO KEEP GOING.
I KNOW
IT'S SCARY TO TRUST
NEW PEOPLE, BUT,
AKIZA,
I'M ASKING YOU
TO TRUST ME,
TO CALL ME A FRIEND.
I'LL TRY.
HMM.
[THINKING]
I KNOW THAT TOGETHER,
WE CAN DEFEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS
AND SAVE OUR HOMES!